
Cool. It's not finished but at least we started doing something.
If it's lisp it should allow quoting:

```
(quote 1)
```

Primitive atoms are evaluating to themselves

```json
1.0
```

```
(quote "42")
```

```json
"42"
```

Symbols are evaluating to themselves as well

```
(quote quote)
```

```json
"quote"
```

Any advanced sexp is just kept as is.

```
(quote (1 2 3))
```

Printing to JSON is wrapping sexp in Strings
```json
"(1 2 3)"
```

Now we can use this quote to actually properly construct struct

```
(struct 
    :name "Name"
    :surname "Surname"
)
```

and have it compiled to 

```json
{
  "name": "Name",
  "surname": "Surname"
}
```

For now we treat as if struct was a function that took SExpression.
Later when we introduce macros, we might want to change that.

For now, we use full `quote`. But it makes sense to expand the grammar to introduce `'`.

```
(struct 
    :name "Name"
    :surname "Surname"
)
```

and have it compiled to 

```json
{
  "name": "Name",
  "surname": "Surname"
}
```

Ok. Cool, this is nice and shit, but this language is useless if we cannot do any operation.
Let's for now add hardcoded add operator

```
(+ 1 2)
```

```json
3.0
```

Now we need a way to calculate that op as a field of struct.
Which means quasiquote and unquote operators.

This is using quote:
```
'(1 2 (+ 1 2))
```

```json
"(1 2 (+ 1 2))"
```

But this is using quasiquote

```
(quasiquote (1 2 (+ 1 2)))
```

Still no difference:

```json
"(1 2 (+ 1 2))"
```

Until we use unquote

```
(quasiquote (1 2 (unquote (+ 1 2))))
```

```json
"(1 2 3)"
```


However in order to make it work, i need to first:
* Make sure we can create new AST on the fly.
* Make sure that when we are accessing SExp, we are asking the right AST tree.

The easiest solution is to keep reference to AST inside of SExp.
But... where?

Or maybe not. Lifetimes will eat me alive.
Maybe i just need to clone the whole quasiquoted tree.

Yep. For now cloning will work.

Ok, now reader shortcut.

```
`(1 2 ,(+ 1 2))
```

```json
"(1 2 3)"
```

Cool. Now can we use it in our struct definition?


NICE.

Okay. What's next?
It would be nice to be able to add two
objects together.
However, I think first i need to address lack of variables.

```
(let :x 2)
(+ x x)
```

```json
4.0
```

So now just using symbol should return error
```
x
```

```json
Error: Undefined variable: x
   ╭─[ <input>:1:1 ]
   │
 1 │ x
   │ ┬  
   │ ╰── Undefined variable: x
───╯

```

Okay, just like jsonnet i want to be able to create new variables inside of structs.

```
`(:key (+ 1 2))
```

```json
"(:key (+ 1 2))"
```


Apparently we have bug in quasiquoting.
Which isn't surprising.
The problem is:



The quasiquote returns SExpression that is generation further
than the parent.

How? Currently quasiquoting is creating new AST.
That AST contains (+ 1 2) expression.
But later, We keep it as a reference and when we try to print that expression,
the AST is lost. So we have a dangling pointer of sorts.

Ok fixed.
The only downside is - it's going to leak memory over time.
But we need GC anyway...

Ok, going back to let expressions

```
(struct 
  (let :x 5)
  :key (+ 1 x)
  :another '(+ 1 x)
)
```

```json
{
  "another": "(+ 1 x)",
  "key": 6.0
}
```

Oooh, I get why this is not working.

The problem is, that unquoting happens BEFORE we start digesting struct.
Which fucking make sense. That is intended behaviour.
We do quasiquote and only AFTER that we pass that to the struct function
in order to generate struct from SExp.

The only thing i can do is to reverse the inner quoting.
Bingo.

Ok, what about "self"?

There are two options i see.
Either I choose lazy evaluation, or I need to somehow sort the field initialization by the DAG. Assuming there is a DAG.

For example if we have:

```example
(struct `(
  :key (+ 1 self.another)
  :another (+ 1 1)
))
```

then we need to reorder the struct into

```example
(struct `(
  :another (+1 1)
  :key (+ 1 self.another)
))
```
because then `:another` key exists in env.

Another point is - in order to use `self` we need struct accessing
first.

As in accessing field of the struct

The simplest way is to have it like this:

```
( 
  (struct :key 1 :another 2)
  :another
)
```

```json
2.0
```

In other words, structure is used as if it was a function and first
parameter tells you the key accessed

It works even better if struct is named

```
(let :foo (struct :key 1 :another 2))
(foo :another)
```

```json
2.0
```

Cool. So, `self`...

Let's say that for now keys HAVE TO
be ordered explicitly

```
(struct 
  :another (+ 1 1)
  :key (+ 1 (self :another))
)
```

```json
{
  "another": 2.0,
  "key": 3.0
}
```

Okay, but how do i access object? It's not in the env. And it cannot be yet
in some Arc<_> because it is still being mutated.

Ok, now next one has to fail, right?

```
(struct 
  :key (+ 1 (self :another))
  :another (+ 1 1)
)
```

```json
{
  "another": 2.0,
  "key": 3.0
}
```

Yep.

Okay, now the only thing missing is "root".

```
(struct 
  :another 4
  :key (struct 
    :a 1
    :b (+ 1 (root :another))
  )
)
```

```json
{
  "another": 4.0,
  "key": {
    "a": 1.0,
    "b": 5.0
  }
}
```

Damn, that's cool!

Does it work with accessing self?

```
(struct 
  :another 4
  :key (struct 
    :a 1
    :b (+ 1 ((root :key) :a))
  )
)
```

```json
{
  "another": 4.0,
  "key": {
    "a": 1.0,
    "b": 2.0
  }
}
```

No. It doesnt because key was not created yet. Makes sense.
EDIT (07.06): With new laziness it does!

Ok, now i want to have another reader shortcut

```
{
  (let :x 4)
  :another x
  :key {
    :a 1
    :b (+ 1 (root :another))
  }
}
```

```json
{
  "another": 4.0,
  "key": {
    "a": 1.0,
    "b": 5.0
  }
}
```

