
It seems that in order to make it work i need to create Thunks.
And Thunks are in my opinion Closures with extra step of caching its value.
So in the end my next step is to add closures.

How to do that?
When declaring function i need to have a separate pass that detects function declaration
Then it should find all free variables.
Then it should add an extra parameter to the function which would be a struct of free variables.
And then modify the body by saying that it uses fields from that closure struct.


Ok so ... 

```
(let :c 42 )
(fn (:a :b) (a b c))
```

Question is that rose during implementation - do i really want to have it as a separate pass?
Or just during the evaluation...

I guess separate pass would make sense but then i need to keep track which root id is root id and not assume that the one from parsing is still one.

The problem is, with that kind of lambda lifting we are kinda loosing
information about captured context.


```lift
(top-level (let :c 42) (fn (:a :b) (a b c)))
```

Ok, i lifted the function into "closure declaration" that takes another list outside of
signature which is explicit list of free variables. Also accessing free variable is now
with `(_closure c)`.


Also additional "problem" is, currently lambda lifting is very naive.
If we have undefined variable, then it will be assumed to be captured!


But we can handle it some other time lmao.
Anyway, with that lifting I guess - we should have handling in runtime for "cl" :D

Anyway x2

There is also a problem of quoting

```
(fn (:a :b) '(+ a b c))
```

```lift
(top-level (fn (:a :b) (quote (+ a b c))))
```

What about quasiquoting?

```
(fn (:a :b) `(+ a b c))
```

```lift
(top-level (fn (:a :b) (quasiquote (+ a b c))))
```

Better. But unquote wont work...

```
(let :d 42.0 )
(fn (:a :b) `(+ ,a ,b c ,d))
```

```lift
(top-level (let :d 42) (fn (:a :b) (quasiquote (+ (unquote a) (unquote b) c (unquote d)))))
```

Yep, that's correct.
Coolio.

