Okay I added a new Zed extension as im evaluating this editor.
Since it got helix keybindings, it might be worth it.

First of all, finally i have syntax highlighting and LSP support in my markdown files.

What's next?
I think it makes sense to add hover information to LSP.
In order to make it working, i need to assing SExpId to the TypeNode I guess.

Okay that works. Hover implementation is bit janky but i get the type and also
the diagnostics information.

One thing tho, why im getting monomorphized types for functions?

```s
(let :fix-super (fn (:f :super) (do
    (let* :result (f result super))
    result
)))
(let :fix-record (fn (:f) (do
    (let* :result (f result (obj/plain)))
    result
)))

(let :extend (fn (:base :ext) (do
    (fix-super ext (fix-super base (obj/plain)))
)))

(let :dwarf (obj/record
    :ancestry "Dwarf"
    :languages [ "Common" "Dwarvish" ]
    :features (obj/plain
        :stout "Stout"
    )
))

(extend (obj/record
    :stats (fix-record (obj/record
        :str 6
        :dex 11
        :con 13
        :int 11
        :wis (thunk () (self :str))
        :cha 13
    ))
) dwarf)

extend
```


```type
(TODO: UApplication { args: Value(179), ret: Use(174), field: (None, Use(178)), index: (None, Use(176)) }, TODO: UApplication { args: Value(166), ret: Use(161), field: (None, Use(165)), index: (None, Use(163)) }) -> Any
```

Oh, because i added "caching" values :D
Actually.. No

The main reason is, i was checking the very use inside of function application!
If i check variable outside of the application, i get the polymorphic type instead.

# What's next?

One thing that I noticed is, it started getting harder and harder to force myself to work on this project.
I think main reason is that i do not use the language enough.
I should start writing the expected code in it and fill the gaps that i feel they need to be filled.

Instead i focus too much on the implementation details or future expansions (like MLStruct).

But before I go and write more code in my lang, i would like to try one more thing that will be useful.

So for now `UApplication` sucks, because its hard to write a canonical form to it.
Basically what i need to do is to introduce it as a proper subtype.

But application depends on certain **Values** and that got me thinking.
What is the type of `1`? Currently its `number`, right? but what if it was `1`?
and type `1` would be a subtype of `number` type?

I would call it literal type.

But adding it ... Feels cumbersome
I feel that in the end separation between Value/Use is bringing to much boilerplate. Maybe SimpleML would be a better choice?

But at the same time im afraid that maybe im just sidetracking myself. Rewriting part of the type system to be more like SimpleML sounds like a huge task.

Eh, okay, it wasnt that hard to add.

```s
(let :x 1)
x
```

```type
1
```


Does it still work tho??

```s
(let :x (: :number 1))

x
```

```type
number
```

Very cool!


Now i should be able to take it for the Application
